[Compute RN] Add 22.06 (Kepler) Update 1 release notes (#438)
PaloAltoNetworks/prisma-cloud-docs: compute/rn/release-information/release-notes-22-06-update1.adoc

== 22.06 Update 1 Release Notes

> The following table outlines the release particulars:

Reviewer: Consider changing it to:
```suggestion
The following table provides the release details.
```

[cols="1,4"]
|===
|Build
|22.06.197

> |Code name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Codename
```

|Kepler, 22.06 Update 1
//Tentative date
|Release date
|Jul 27, 2022

|Type
|Maintenance release

|SHA-256 digest
|5aa618314e176d03e559e58d2eba50959365cdc145cba99f5d47d90737d233bf
|===

// Besides hosting the download on the Palo Alto Networks Customer Support Portal, we also support programmatic download (e.g., curl, wget) of the release directly from our CDN:
//
// LINK

> === Improvements, fixes, and performance enhancements

Reviewer: Use title case for consistency
```suggestion
=== Improvements, Fixes, and Performance Enhancements
```

//GithubIssue PCSUP-issue
// #39791 #PCSUP-10025 On-prem

> * Fixed the broken pipe error when https://prisma.pan.dev/api/cloud/cwpp/images#operation/get-images-download[downloading a large image CSV]. The error was fixed by extending the HTTP client timeout value.

Reviewer 2: @Pubs-MV we need to specify that this error occurred only for secondary consoles when using Projects. This is relevant for Self-hosted deployments with projects.

// #40032 #PCSUP-10097 On-prem only
* Fixed the welcome tour screen for new users.
// #39668 #PCSUP-9482
* Fixed an issue wherein the Defenders blocked application deployments on SELinux due to incorrect SELinux labeling on proxy `runc`. The issue was fixed by applying the original runc's SELinux label to the created `runc` proxy binary.
// #39821 On-prem only

> * Fixed https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/22-06/prisma-cloud-compute-edition-admin/configure/certificates[Self-signed certificate] validity period error. The value is extended and should be a whole number greater than or equal to 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the validity period error of https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/22-06/prisma-cloud-compute-edition-admin/configure/certificates[self-signed certificates]. The value is extended and should be a whole number greater than or equal to 1.
```

// #39434 PCSUP-9587 + 1749
* Fixed an error in evaluating the custom checks for registry with CRI-O Defender. Custom checks are now run on the materialized image path.
// #39351 PCSUP-9555
* Fixed error that overwrote the communication port after upgrading a Defender with a custom port from the Prisma Cloud Console UI.

> === Known issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Known Issues
```

// #

=== End of Support Notifications

// #40122

> * Debian 9 (Stretch) has reached End of Life (EOL), and users of Debian 9 will stop receiving any CVE security vulnerabilities from the https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-intelligence-stream-notifications/notifications/intelligence-stream-significant-impact[IS] feed associated with this OS version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Debian 9 (Stretch) has reached End of Life (EOL), and users of Debian 9 no longer receive any CVE security vulnerabilities from the https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-intelligence-stream-notifications/notifications/intelligence-stream-significant-impact[intelligence stream] feed associated with this OS version.
```

> === Supported host Operating systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Supported Host Operating Wystems
```

> A comprehensive list of supported operating systems is found in our https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/22-06/prisma-cloud-compute-edition-admin/install/system_requirements[system requirements].

Reviewer 3: For a comprehensive list of supported operating systems, refer to the https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/22-06/prisma-cloud-compute-edition-admin/install/system_requirements[system requirements].

== 22.06 Update 1 Release Notes

The following table provides the release details:

[cols="1,4"]
|===
|Build
|22.06.197

|Codename
|Kepler, 22.06 Update 1
//Tentative date
|Release date
|Jul 27, 2022

|Type
|Maintenance release

|SHA-256 digest
|5aa618314e176d03e559e58d2eba50959365cdc145cba99f5d47d90737d233bf
|===

// Besides hosting the download on the Palo Alto Networks Customer Support Portal, we also support programmatic download (e.g., curl, wget) of the release directly from our CDN:
//
// LINK

> === Improvements, Fixes, and Performance Enhancements

Reviewer 2: @Pubs-MV where do you think is the right place to mention new supported orchestrations like TKGI and [GKE arm](https://spring.paloaltonetworks.com/twistlock/twistlock/issues/39581)?

cc @grevach

Reviewer 3: we added a new bullet to the top so it is the highlight for the update @MorShabiPAN

//GithubIssue PCSUP-issue
// GH#39791 #PCSUP-10025 On-prem
* Fixed the broken pipe error when https://prisma.pan.dev/api/cloud/cwpp/images#operation/get-images-download[downloading a large image CSV]. The error was fixed by extending the HTTP client timeout value.
// GH#40032 #PCSUP-10097 On-prem only

> * Fixed the welcome tour screen for new users.

Reviewer 4: @Pubs-MV this fix is for non-admin new users

// GH#39668 #PCSUP-9482
* Fixed an issue wherein the Defenders blocked application deployments on SELinux due to incorrect SELinux labeling on proxy `runc`. The issue was fixed by applying the original runc's SELinux label to the created `runc` proxy binary.
// GH#39821 On-prem only

> * Fixed the validity period error of https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/22-06/prisma-cloud-compute-edition-admin/configure/certificates[self-signed certificates]. The value is extended and should be a whole number greater than or equal to 1.

Reviewer 4: @Pubs-MV maybe we should mention that the limit was 365 and now it is unlimited

Author: @grevach How about - "The limit of 365 has been waved off and the value can now be a whole number greater than or equal to 1"?

Reviewer 4: @divyabhushan sounds good

// GH#39821 On-prem only
* Fixed the validity period error of https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/22-06/prisma-cloud-compute-edition-admin/configure/certificates[self-signed certificates]. The limit of 365 has been waved off and the value can now be a whole number greater than or equal to 1.
// GH#39434 PCSUP-9587 + 1749
* Fixed an error in evaluating the custom compliance checks for registry with CRI-O (Dockerless) Defender. Custom checks are now run on the materialized image path.
// GH#39351 PCSUP-9555
* Fixed error that overwrote the communication port after upgrading a Defender with a custom port from the Prisma Cloud Console UI.
// GH#37579 PCSUP-8519
* Fixed an issue that showed different fixes for the same CVE on a single image. Each CVE vulnerability is consolidated and grouped according to OS version for each image and package.
// GH#38819 PCSUP-9069
* Fixed the filter to list all the tags when multiple images have the same digest.
//GH#39581

> * Added support for GKE version 1.24.1 running on ARM64 architecture.

Reviewer 2: @Pubs-MV I suggest emphasizing the new features and supported orchestrators on top of the bug fixes, maybe by moving them to the head of the list or listing them under another topic. 
Specifically, regarding the GKE ARM support, we can also add a link to the [Blogpost](https://www.paloaltonetworks.com/blog/prisma-cloud/supports-arm-workloads-on-google-cloud-and-gke/#:~:text=Prisma%20Cloud%20Supports%20Arm%20Workloads%20on%20Google%20Cloud%20and%20GKE,-Cloud%20Workload%20Protection&text=Prisma%20Cloud%20integrates%20with%20GKE,Google%20Kubernetes%20Engine%20(GKE).)

Reviewer 3: yes

//GH#39938
* Added support for VMware Tanzu Kubernetes Grid Integrated (TKGI) version 1.14
//GH#39977
* Added support for VMware Tanzu Kubernetes Grid Multicloud (TKGM) version 1.5.1 on Photon 3 and Ubuntu 20.04.03 LTS

=== Known Issues

// GH#39682 PCSUP-9275

> * Defenders are not accepting the self-signed proxy certificate configured for TLS intercept proxies.

Reviewer 4: @rcaballeromx this is not a known issue, we have fixed the bug.

Reviewer 3: Gal, we can add the workaround this and say how to do it using an unsupported API: https://spring.paloaltonetworks.com/twistlock/twistlock/issues/39082
